[AWS]: Add excluded packages to docs (#176)
opennextjs/docs: pages/aws/common_issues.mdx

},
```

> Also you should not add sharp as a dependency unless absolutely necessary, the image optimization already has it's own version of sharp. By default OpenNext does exclude these packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also not add sharp as a dependency unless absolutely necessary, the image optimization already has it's own version of sharp. By default OpenNext does exclude these packages:
```

This is more grammatically correct/clear

> You should also not add sharp as a dependency unless absolutely necessary, the image optimization already has it's own version of sharp. By default OpenNext does exclude these packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also not add sharp as a dependency unless absolutely necessary, the image optimization already has it's own version of sharp. By default OpenNext excludes these packages:
```
